And now the real leading world power is holding a meeting in Davos.
This year, eight people alone own as much as half of humanity.
Eight people!
This figure seems unbelievable.
I looked at it twice, and I thought: "It cannot be eight!",
because that was not written on my sheets, obviously, but life goes faster than my sheets.
This concentration of wealth goes so fast, so fast, look...
Let's go back to the previous presidential election:
in 2012, they were 159 people to own as much as
half of humanity.
In 2013: 92. In 2014: 80. In 2015: 62.
In 2016, they are only 8!
You see how quick this process is?
But what do you think is happening?
So it obviously means that some people appropriate everything, and in order to do that, they need to deregulate everything!
They need to get rid of all the little partitions formed by social and ecological rights everywhere
in order to accumulate. They need to establish a balance of power!
They need the caste—i.e. the mediacrats plus politicians who are their puppets—to repeat from place to place:
"There's no other way!" "There's no other way!" "Mr. Mélenchon, there's no other way than competitivity and flexibility!"
And sometimes, a string gets broken. "There's no other way!"
Miserable puppets! This world is rushing towards disaster on such a basis!
(Applause)